hey just do 30 seconds of these
exercises
and you'll be done in eight minutes side
to side crunches
to give your obliques a boost get on
your back
with your knees bent and feet flat on
the floor
bring your chest up and try to reach
your right foot with your right hand
do the same on the left side make sure
you pause for a sec
as you touch your heels don't do it fast
do it right
your abs should be engaged the whole
time
scissor kicks hit those lower abs and
get rid of the belly pooch
place your hands palm side down under
your glutes
lift and extend your legs knees slightly
bent below you
alternate crossing your feet at the
ankles or just kick
up and down while still in position move
on to
straight leg raises they'll also
strengthen your lower back
of course your legs are straight or
slightly bent raise them
until your body forms an l then lower
your legs
and repeat avoid lifting your shoulders
off the floor
or letting your back arch all right next
we have
up and down plank it'll tone your entire
core
bend your right arm and bring that elbow
down to the floor
do the same with your left arm now do it
in reverse
place your right hand on the floor and
straighten it
switch sides and repeat make sure your
back is always straight
and your core is locked vee ups
keep your arms and legs fully extended
raise both your legs and torso at the
same time
and try to reach your feet many people
fail to bring
all their limbs up at the same time
because it feels a bit painful
don't get discouraged you'll get it with
time let's continue with
windshield wipers keep your arms
straight out to the sides for leverage
lift your legs to make an l shape with
your body again
rotate your hips to one side but don't
let your legs
touch the floor lift them up and swing
to the opposite side
now if that's too hard you can start out
with bent legs
and straighten them as you build
strength
crunches hands behind your head use your
abs to lift your shoulders off the
ground
hold it there for two seconds go back
down and repeat
avoid yanking your head it can hurt your
neck your chin should never
go down toward your chest keep that neck
straight
and make sure not to lift your hips off
the floor
back to those obliques with bicycle
crunches
place your hands behind your head lift
both your shoulders and legs off the
floor
bring your right knee and your left
elbow close to each other by
crunching at the same time extend your
left leg
under you repeat on the opposite side
remember not to let your legs or upper
back touch the floor throughout this
exercise
side leg lifts lift your legs while your
feet stay close together
and hold it for one to two seconds lower
your legs back down
and switch sides keep your hips engaged
and breathe out as you come down
pulse ups place your hands beneath your
glutes
lift your hips and hold it for two
seconds
lower back down and repeat keep your abs
engaged and lower your hips slowly to
prevent any injuries
plank hip dips get in a low plank
position
rotate your hips to the left and
slightly dip your body lower to the
floor
don't let your hip touch the ground
though do the same on the opposite side
many people move their legs while
rotating their hips don't do that
they should be planted firmly on the
ground avoid hanging your head too
your body should form a straight line
side plank
let your forearm support your body
weight and keep your legs extended and
stacked
engage your abs and lift your hips stay
in place for four
seconds switch sides and then repeat
avoid rolling forward and sagging your
hips as a beginner you'll notice that
your hips will want to go
downward focus on keeping a straight
line if you want to shave fat off your
sides
reverse crunches bring your knees up at
a 90 degree angle
your hands are behind your head for
support but not pushing your chin down
remember
as you crunch your upper body off the
floor bring your knees toward your nose
lower back down and repeat avoid
bringing your elbows to your knees and
lifting your lower body more than your
torso
we're now focusing on both your abs and
obliques
plank with alternating leg lifts get in
a low plank position
and keep your body in a straight line
your forearm should support your weight
elbows in line with your shoulders lift
your right leg
hold it for one to two seconds and lower
back down
do the same with your opposite leg once
you feel like you've built up enough
tolerance
start holding your leg up for up to five
seconds before switching
time to finish with some stretches for
your cool down time
the first one is snake stretch lie
face down with your arms in a push-up
position
slowly straighten your arms until you
feel a stretch in your abs
you're not lifting your hips or core off
the ground
stay like that for 30 seconds and then
relax
cat stretch get on all fours with your
hands
under your shoulders and knees below
your hips
make sure your back is straight lower
your head and pull your abs in
to create a curve in your back hold it
for 10 seconds
and relax do the same for another 20
seconds
do cardio before every workout this will
help shed that extra belly fat hiding
the muscles you're building up
it can be jumping jacks mountain
climbers high knee runs
whatever gets your heart rate up get
enough protein
it'll reduce the number of calories you
take in and help you lose some extra
pounds and fat
it's also key for building and
maintaining muscles
you won't lose that mass along with the
fat you'll be shedding
once you feel the workout is no longer
challenging increase the time limit by 5
to 10 second increments
if you're doing reps start with two sets
of 10 or 15
and build up from there replace most of
your drinks with water
it'll increase your metabolism make you
feel less hungry
and help you lose more weight avoid
processed foods
they're high in calories carbs and a
bunch of other stuff that doesn't suit
your goal here
they require less energy to digest and
they don't have the essential nutrients
your body needs
remember to eat enough fiber every day
oatmeal has a ton of fiber
and it's a great quick and easy
breakfast trust me on that one